6 6 4 3 2 0
true true fasle true
fasle fasle true true
fasle true true true
fasle true true true
fasle true true true
fasle true true fasle
true true fasle fasle
fasle true fasle true
true fasle true true
true true true fasle
true true fasle true
true fasle true fasle
true fasle fasle true
true fasle true true
fasle true true fasle
true true fasle fasle
true true fasle true
fasle true true fasle
fasle true fasle fasle
fasle true fasle true
true true true true
true true true true
true fasle true true
true fasle true fasle
true true fasle fasle
true true fasle true
true true true fasle
true fasle fasle fasle
fasle true fasle true
fasle true true fasle
true fasle fasle true
true fasle true true
true fasle true true
fasle fasle true true
true fasle true true
true fasle true fasle
